EXERCISE 3.1 - Test Your Knowledge

1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
    A: Unhandled exception. System.DivideByZeroException: Attempted to divide by zero.

2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
    A: Result is infinity

3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its range?
    A: It overflows to the int.MinValue and increments positively from there

4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
    A1: x = y++ will leave x as the original y value, and then will increment y. So after running x = y++; x    will by the original y, and y will now be y +1
    A2: x = ++y; will increment y first, and then assign the incremented value to x. So after running x = ++y; x is y+1 and y is y+1.

5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop statement?
    A: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/c-sharp-jump-statements-break-continue-goto-return-and-throw/

    The break statement is used to terminate the loop or statement in which it present. After that, the control will pass to the statements that present after the break statement, if available. If the break statement present in the nested loop, then it terminates only those loops which contains break statement.

    The continue statement is used to skip over the execution part of the loop on a certain condition. After that, it transfers the control to the beginning of the loop. Basically, it skips its following statements and continues with the next iteration of the loop.

    The return statement terminates the execution of the method and returns the control to the calling method. It returns an optional value. If the type of method is void, then the return statement can be excluded.

6. What are the three parts of a for statment and which of them are required?
    A: 
        1. Initializer expression which executes once at the start of the loop
        2. A conditional expression which that executes on every iteration atnthe start of the loop to check whether the looping should continue
        3. An iterator expression, which that executeson every loop at the bottom of the statement

7. What is the difference between = and == operators?
    A: = is the assignment operator and == is the comparison operator

8. Does the following statement compile? for (;true;);        
    A: Yes, it is an infinite loop

9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
    A: Default return value

10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach statement?
    A: IEnumerable

########################################################################################################

Exercise 3.2 - Explore loops and overflow

What happens when you run the code in Exercise02/Program.cs?

    int max = 500;
    for (byte i = 0; i < max; i++)
    {
        WriteLine(i);
    }

    A: Console prints 0,1,2,3..255 repeatedly. This is because byte max value is 255. Once we hit 255 and incremetn 1, it overflows to 0 and begins again. The loop continues because we never reach the max of 500 to kill the for loop. Can add the code below to prevent infinite loop.

    int max = 255;
    for (byte i = 0; i < max; i++)
    if (max > 255)
    {
        WriteLine($"Infinite loop will occur unless max is 255 or less. Since max is {max}, loop has been cancelled");
        break;
    }
    else
    {
        WriteLine(i);
    }

########################################################################################################

Exercise 3.3 - Practice loops and operators
    A:FizzBuzz via Exercise03/Program.cs

########################################################################################################\

Exercise 3.4 - Practice exception handling
    A: Exercise04/Program.cs

########################################################################################################\
